12345The WiCyS Security Training Scholarship made possible by WiCyS Tier 1 Partners and Premier Supporters is a multi-staged scholarship opportunity for WiCyS members. Those selected will participate in a reliable pathway to launch and advance in their cybersecurity careers through skills development. The focus of this scholarship is to award WiCyS members who are seeking cybersecurity employment within the next 1.5 years. The program is designed for students and/or career changers!

Build and leverage the power of community. During each stage of the scholarship, a cohort is established with mentors and peers to help guide and support recipients. This powerful network will be there through every step of the scholarship experience to lean in on. The collective strength of all involved is priceless. 

Veteran and Military Spouse Track. WiCyS acknowledges the significant contributions that veterans and military spouses make to the cybersecurity sector, leveraging their military experience and mission-oriented backgrounds. With the generous support of Craig Newmark Philanthropies, WiCyS is pleased to offer two specialized tracks tailored for veterans and military spouses, along with enhanced support services. These services include mentorship opportunities, incentives, visibility with WiCyS employer partners, access to WiCyS Military Affiliates, career placement assistance, and travel stipends for conference attendance.


All WiCyS members, over age 18, are invited to apply.  This training program is composed of multiple stages. Each stage has specific criteria. Throughout the program, continuation to the next stage is based on performance in the previous stage and application data.

What Makes this Program Unique:

Finds hidden cybersecurity talent
Elevates those with aptitude, grit, and determination
Empowers all participants with real-world skills they can continue to build upon
Changes lives by enabling final-stage participants to start cybersecurity jobs in less than a year of completion
Provides direct impact on the cybersecurity workforce by launching careers
Builds on the powerful diversity of thought and increases DEI in cybersecurity
If your company/organization is interested in being a premier supporter of the Security Training Scholarship, please fill out the form at the link below: 
 

BECOME A PREMIER SUPPORTER
Stage 1: SANS Beginner-level CTF
All eligible applicants will be invited to participate in the SANS Beginner-level CTF. This beginner-level CTF is a fun and exciting way to practice cybersecurity skills in a friendly environment. This multi-disciplined Capture the Flag system has over 28 content packs and a variety of engaging challenges for participants to discover their strengths while challenging their limits. If new to cybersecurity, Beginner-level CTF is a great place to start as it teaches while challenges are being solved with an integrated hint system.

At the end of Stage 1: 500 candidates will advance to Stage 2

Next Stage/Stage 2  Selection Criteria:

Application essay
Performance and Engagement in SANS Beginner-level CTF
Community engagement in the cohortbvrvsdcbb
fgndbxfbdfbx  
gnhdgvbdgcn
dhgbx vmghvm
rtfgvzdvmjhgbnm
bvfdfvgbmnbvcx
